Add an option to only take effect on specific filetypes (#31)
dominikduda/vim_current_word: README.md

let g:vim_current_word#highlight_only_in_focused_window = 1
```

##### Whitelist filetypes:

> To highlight only certain specific file types, add this variable to your vimrc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pick only specific filetypes, add this variable to your vimrc:
```

> To highlight only certain specific file types, add this variable to your vimrc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow only in specific filetypes, add this variable to your vimrc:
```

```vim

> let g:vim_current_word#included_filetypes = ['log']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let g:vim_current_word#included_filetypes = ['ruby']
```
